Update GUIDELINES.md (#1311)
openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema: GUIDELINES.md

- Check the search functionality to ensure other presets do not cause confusion.
- Select an icon or start the process to create a new one.
- Define which fields to show (`fields`) and suggest (`moreFields`), considering the order of fields.

> - Check the `(i)` documentation and add or update the OSM wiki data item if needed to provide a helpful short text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the `(i)` documentation and add or update the OSM Wikidata item if needed to provide a helpful short text.
```

For consistency with https://github.com/openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema/pull/1257/files
